Generalization on learn/framework/modules/ (#195)
moondance-labs/tanssi-docs: learn/framework/modules.md

Substrate Framework provides complete and ready-to-use implementations of the main functions a Tanssi appchain needs to work properly, including cryptography, consensus, governance, and so on. These implementations are fully customizable and could be replaced with custom logic if needed.

When it comes to building the Runtime, which is essentially the heart of a Tanssi appchain, the desired state transition rules must be defined, reflecting the intended behavior and features of the blockchain.

> To build the Runtime, Substrate provides many built-in modules (AKA pallets) that can be freely used as building blocks to compose and interact with any other custom-made modules, allowing teams to create unique behaviors according to the specific requirements of their Tanssi appchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build the Runtime, Substrate provides many built-in modules (also known as pallets) that can be freely used as building blocks to compose and interact with any other custom-made modules, allowing teams to create unique behaviors according to the specific requirements of their Tanssi appchain.
```

![Built-in modules](/images/learn/framework/modules/modules-1.webp)

## Built-in Modules {: #built-in-modules }

When designing and writing the rules of a Tanssi appchain, the available set of functional modules brings a solution to many of the coding requirements that would otherwise need to be built from scratch.

Here is a list of some of the most popular modules:

> - **[Balances module](https://paritytech.github.io/substrate/master/pallet_balances/index.html){target=\_blank}** - it provides functions for handling accounts and balances for the Tanssi appchain native currency

Author: Ah shoot! yes, will do

> - **[Balances module](https://paritytech.github.io/substrate/master/pallet_balances/index.html){target=\_blank}** - it provides functions for handling accounts and balances for the Tanssi appchain native currency

Author: Wait. that was in this same PR, and it's already done -> https://github.com/moondance-labs/tanssi-docs/pull/195/commits/414c23300fe5c3bddf8b7a031908e97eb8b4308c

> - **[Balances module](https://paritytech.github.io/substrate/master/pallet_balances/index.html){target=\_blank}** - it provides functions for handling accounts and balances for the Tanssi appchain native currency

Reviewer: Nah but I mean the actual word module that is repeated multiple times in each bullet point

> - **[pallet_balances](https://paritytech.github.io/substrate/master/pallet_balances/index.html){target=\_blank}** - the Balances modules provides functions for handling accounts and balances for the Tanssi appchain native currency

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[Balances module](https://paritytech.github.io/substrate/master/pallet_balances/index.html){target=\_blank}** - it provides functions for handling accounts and balances for the Tanssi appchain native currency
```

Reviewer: I suggest we do the others this way :)
